pretty to Audio Output Devices API (#34088)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/audio_output_devices_api/index.md

    - This can come from selection in the prompt launched by `MediaDevices.selectAudioOutput()`
    - User permission to set the output device is also implicitly granted if the user has already granted permission to use a media input device in the same group with {{domxref("MediaDevices.getUserMedia()")}}.

> The permission status can be queried using the [Permissions API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Permissions_API) method {{domxref("Permissions.query", "navigator.permissions.query()")}}, passing a permission descriptor with the `speaker-selection` permission.

Reviewer: Reverting

```suggestion
<!-- The line below is "true" but this is not implemented in any browser -->
<!-- The permission status can be queried using the [Permissions API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Permissions_API) method [`navigator.permissions.query()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Permissions/query), passing a permission descriptor with the `speaker-selection` permission. -->
```
